[Music]
[Music] speak to all the congregation of the
speak to all the congregation of the
speak to all the congregation of the children of Israel and say to them you
children of Israel and say to them you
children of Israel and say to them you shall be holy for I the Lord your God am
shall be holy for I the Lord your God am
shall be holy for I the Lord your God am holy every one of you shall Revere his
holy every one of you shall Revere his
holy every one of you shall Revere his mother and his father and keep my
mother and his father and keep my
mother and his father and keep my Sabbath's I am the Lord your God do not
Sabbath's I am the Lord your God do not
Sabbath's I am the Lord your God do not turn to idols nor make for yourselves
turn to idols nor make for yourselves
turn to idols nor make for yourselves molded gods I am the Lord your God and
molded gods I am the Lord your God and
molded gods I am the Lord your God and if you offer a sacrifice of a peace
if you offer a sacrifice of a peace
if you offer a sacrifice of a peace offering to the Lord
offering to the Lord
offering to the Lord you shall offer it of your own free will
you shall offer it of your own free will
you shall offer it of your own free will it shall be eaten the same day you offer
it shall be eaten the same day you offer
it shall be eaten the same day you offer it and on the next day and if any
it and on the next day and if any
it and on the next day and if any remains until the third day it shall be
remains until the third day it shall be
remains until the third day it shall be burned in the fire and if it is eaten at
burned in the fire and if it is eaten at
burned in the fire and if it is eaten at all on the third day it is an
all on the third day it is an
all on the third day it is an abomination it shall not be accepted
abomination it shall not be accepted
abomination it shall not be accepted therefore everyone who eats it shall
therefore everyone who eats it shall
therefore everyone who eats it shall bear his iniquity because he has
bear his iniquity because he has
bear his iniquity because he has profaned the hallowed offering of the
profaned the hallowed offering of the
profaned the hallowed offering of the Lord and that person shall be cut off
Lord and that person shall be cut off
Lord and that person shall be cut off from his people when you reap the
from his people when you reap the
from his people when you reap the harvest of your land you shall not
harvest of your land you shall not
harvest of your land you shall not wholly reap the corners of your field
wholly reap the corners of your field
wholly reap the corners of your field nor shall you gather the gleanings of
nor shall you gather the gleanings of
nor shall you gather the gleanings of your harvest and you shall not clean
your harvest and you shall not clean
your harvest and you shall not clean your vineyard nor shall you gather every
your vineyard nor shall you gather every
your vineyard nor shall you gather every grape of your vineyard you shall leave
grape of your vineyard you shall leave
grape of your vineyard you shall leave them for the poor and the stranger I am
them for the poor and the stranger I am
them for the poor and the stranger I am the Lord your God you shall not steal
the Lord your God you shall not steal
the Lord your God you shall not steal nor deal falsely nor lie to one another
nor deal falsely nor lie to one another
nor deal falsely nor lie to one another and you shall not swear by my name
and you shall not swear by my name
and you shall not swear by my name falsely nor shall you profane the name
falsely nor shall you profane the name
falsely nor shall you profane the name of your God
of your God
of your God I am the Lord
I am the Lord
I am the Lord you shall not cheat your neighbor nor
you shall not cheat your neighbor nor
you shall not cheat your neighbor nor rob him the wages of him who is hired
rob him the wages of him who is hired
rob him the wages of him who is hired shall not remain with you all night
shall not remain with you all night
shall not remain with you all night until morning you shall not curse the
until morning you shall not curse the
until morning you shall not curse the death nor put a stumbling block before
death nor put a stumbling block before
death nor put a stumbling block before the blind but shall fear your God I am
the blind but shall fear your God I am
the blind but shall fear your God I am the Lord you shall do no injustice in
the Lord you shall do no injustice in
the Lord you shall do no injustice in judgment you shall not be partial to the
judgment you shall not be partial to the
judgment you shall not be partial to the poor nor honor the person of the mighty
poor nor honor the person of the mighty
poor nor honor the person of the mighty in righteousness you shall judge your
in righteousness you shall judge your
in righteousness you shall judge your neighbor you shall not go about as a
neighbor you shall not go about as a
neighbor you shall not go about as a tail bearer among your people nor shall
tail bearer among your people nor shall
tail bearer among your people nor shall you take a stand against the life of
you take a stand against the life of
you take a stand against the life of your neighbor I am the Lord you shall
your neighbor I am the Lord you shall
your neighbor I am the Lord you shall not hate your brother in your heart you
not hate your brother in your heart you
not hate your brother in your heart you shall surely rebuke your neighbor and
shall surely rebuke your neighbor and
shall surely rebuke your neighbor and not bear sin because of him you shall
not bear sin because of him you shall
not bear sin because of him you shall not take vengeance nor bear any grudge
not take vengeance nor bear any grudge
not take vengeance nor bear any grudge against the children of your people but
against the children of your people but
against the children of your people but you shall love your neighbor as yourself
you shall love your neighbor as yourself
you shall love your neighbor as yourself I am the Lord you shall keep my statutes
I am the Lord you shall keep my statutes
I am the Lord you shall keep my statutes you shall not let your livestock breed
you shall not let your livestock breed
you shall not let your livestock breed with another kind you shall not sow your
with another kind you shall not sow your
with another kind you shall not sow your field with mixed seed nor shall a
field with mixed seed nor shall a
field with mixed seed nor shall a garment of mixed linen and wool come
garment of mixed linen and wool come
garment of mixed linen and wool come upon you whoever lies carnally with a
upon you whoever lies carnally with a
upon you whoever lies carnally with a woman who is betrothed to a man as a
woman who is betrothed to a man as a
woman who is betrothed to a man as a concubine and who has not at all been
concubine and who has not at all been
concubine and who has not at all been redeemed nor given her freedom for this
redeemed nor given her freedom for this
redeemed nor given her freedom for this there shall be scourging but they shall
there shall be scourging but they shall
there shall be scourging but they shall not be put to death because she was not
not be put to death because she was not
not be put to death because she was not free and he shall bring his trespass
free and he shall bring his trespass
free and he shall bring his trespass offering to the Lord to the door of the
offering to the Lord to the door of the
offering to the Lord to the door of the tabernacle of meeting a ram as a
tabernacle of meeting a ram as a
tabernacle of meeting a ram as a trespass offering the priest shall make
trespass offering the priest shall make
trespass offering the priest shall make atonement for him with the RAM of the
atonement for him with the RAM of the
atonement for him with the RAM of the trespass offering before the Lord for
trespass offering before the Lord for
trespass offering before the Lord for his sin which he has committed
his sin which he has committed
his sin which he has committed and thus in which he has committed shall
and thus in which he has committed shall
and thus in which he has committed shall be forgiven him when you come into the
be forgiven him when you come into the
be forgiven him when you come into the land and have planted all kinds of trees
land and have planted all kinds of trees
land and have planted all kinds of trees for food then you shall count their
for food then you shall count their
for food then you shall count their fruit as uncircumcised 3 years it shall
fruit as uncircumcised 3 years it shall
fruit as uncircumcised 3 years it shall be as uncircumcised to you it shall not
be as uncircumcised to you it shall not
be as uncircumcised to you it shall not be eaten but in the fourth year all its
be eaten but in the fourth year all its
be eaten but in the fourth year all its fruit shall be holy a praise to the Lord
fruit shall be holy a praise to the Lord
fruit shall be holy a praise to the Lord and in the fifth year you may eat its
and in the fifth year you may eat its
and in the fifth year you may eat its fruit that it may yield to you its
fruit that it may yield to you its
fruit that it may yield to you its increase I am the Lord your God you
increase I am the Lord your God you
increase I am the Lord your God you shall not eat anything with the blood
shall not eat anything with the blood
shall not eat anything with the blood nor shall you practice divination or
nor shall you practice divination or
nor shall you practice divination or soothsaying
soothsaying
soothsaying you shall not shave around the sides of
you shall not shave around the sides of
you shall not shave around the sides of your head nor shall you disfigure the
your head nor shall you disfigure the
your head nor shall you disfigure the edges of your beard you shall not make
edges of your beard you shall not make
edges of your beard you shall not make any cuttings in your flesh for the dead
any cuttings in your flesh for the dead
any cuttings in your flesh for the dead nor tattoo any marks on you I am the
nor tattoo any marks on you I am the
nor tattoo any marks on you I am the lord do not prostitute your daughter to
lord do not prostitute your daughter to
lord do not prostitute your daughter to cause her to be a harlot lest the land
cause her to be a harlot lest the land
cause her to be a harlot lest the land fall into harlotry and the land become
fall into harlotry and the land become
fall into harlotry and the land become full of wickedness you shall keep my
full of wickedness you shall keep my
full of wickedness you shall keep my Sabbath's and reverence my century I am
Sabbath's and reverence my century I am
Sabbath's and reverence my century I am the Lord
the Lord
the Lord give no regard to mediums and familiar
give no regard to mediums and familiar
give no regard to mediums and familiar spirits do not seek after them to be
spirits do not seek after them to be
spirits do not seek after them to be defiled by them I am the Lord your God
defiled by them I am the Lord your God
defiled by them I am the Lord your God you shall rise before the grey-headed
you shall rise before the grey-headed
you shall rise before the grey-headed and honor the presence of an old man and
and honor the presence of an old man and
and honor the presence of an old man and fear your God I am the Lord and if a
fear your God I am the Lord and if a
fear your God I am the Lord and if a stranger dwells with you in your land
stranger dwells with you in your land
stranger dwells with you in your land you shall not mistreat him the stranger
you shall not mistreat him the stranger
you shall not mistreat him the stranger who dwells among you shall be to you as
who dwells among you shall be to you as
who dwells among you shall be to you as one born among you and you shall love
one born among you and you shall love
one born among you and you shall love him as yourself for you were strangers
him as yourself for you were strangers
him as yourself for you were strangers in the land of Egypt I am the Lord your
in the land of Egypt I am the Lord your
in the land of Egypt I am the Lord your God you shall do no injustice in
God you shall do no injustice in
God you shall do no injustice in judgment in measurement of length weight
judgment in measurement of length weight
judgment in measurement of length weight or volume
or volume
or volume you shall have honest scales honest
you shall have honest scales honest
you shall have honest scales honest weights an honest Aoife and an honest I
weights an honest Aoife and an honest I
weights an honest Aoife and an honest I am the Lord your God who brought you out
am the Lord your God who brought you out
am the Lord your God who brought you out of the land of Egypt therefore you shall
of the land of Egypt therefore you shall
of the land of Egypt therefore you shall observe all my statutes and all my
observe all my statutes and all my
observe all my statutes and all my judgments and perform them